hey people and welcome to
they'm like me and I just
right i want the a little tutorial
do something I already last
ringer let's play or stream on
Have you seen this is about the in
quotes double job like me
call
you see here is morde kaiser
not the thing bit too loud I am
I'm not sure
Her Majesty's Emperor is a bit too far away for her
I want to jump at him but I want to
like to take care of him with my and commitment
if I am now my uni in the bushes am
would do tomorrow would emperor
brecht is an exclamation and
would cover up like that
in normal cases makes this trick dogging
range mpc but here it is very simple
how then you can do it and jan
jump to 1 million goes into it
snack and can directly on the
jump on opponents thus have as
said a quasi double jump is yet to come
he should still have other opponents
For example, here are yes up here
a million on the world and at the
process and then jumps him here
or if he is here that's cool
because that gives the opponent less
reaction time and also gives this
effect of it is easy at the beginning
no one can do this trick either
otherwise use yes you have that
has also seen more often
I can not do that right now
because of the music and easy
way too high and you know that
Can not edit videos
I do not care about any of that
and energy goes screaming jumps
So do you like champions against the likes
squeeze you in csi's face or
something like jacques with the propeller
result, scream, jump, jump
adversary makes euro and ii
Skin your whole comfort that gets
immediately cc alleged by your opponent
stand 6 turns on the propellers and leaves
in this process immediately the west then
shield, however, shortly investruine
Maybe you already have cc off
get and go in the course of the ccs
Invisible or or or combo on it
the opponent did not do anything and
the choice on your grace and gives
so you can eat and so you can
this right and the outside right
take advantage of it so in a small
to do tricks
the wiki authors wished us
pretty erotic
and yes, that was really short with
this short tutorial if it is you
helped then my suffering is necessary
you want me to do something
tutorial I'll do something now
when it comes to tutorials just go after
youtube comments go yes you will
Now write me under this video
do it once a tutorial please no
I would not like it better than that
For example now and you are sorry for yourself
I will be a tutorial once a week
do
from me that , among other things
penner edit the videos or something
or cut what do I know and me too
will now go on hats and comments to
I always get one week to the same
time where the first video uploaded
so now if this video was at 16
clock on youtube is yes I will one
week later at 16 clock to see what
so won the most likes
not most comments and january
and see you at the latest
next week at the tutorial